hello how about youtube friends I am
mickey cats an assistant of jose hatsune
well I was playing a few songs
on the street since it started raining soon
I hope to find some refuge since the
house is far away and the bus charges
expensive xd
this video I dedicate to all thousand
subscribers who have followed these
last months it's going
but that scream is very
family seems like a person in pain
what a scary
jose hatsune you go there I want to know
What is it
jose hatsune speaking miku that scream that
you just heard is from a woman in
worth nothing more than one of the legends more
terrifying of Latin America la Llorona
I was careful not to let you pass
you go through the cave of the devil, use your
strength to be able to defeat the change and
Whatever it is because I was
waiting is once the defeat for
make the first woman to defeat a
legend for now and my children
where did you leave them me
ha ha ha ha ha this lady seems that
is drunk ha ha ha you recognized him
bitch I'll send you to hell with everyone
your children ha ha ha for mamón
my curule already arrived we are attacking
the neuron hahahahaha hurry up so
it suits you is a good scrub
hello guys how about thank you for coming
now attack the weeping girl for the fall
I wanted to see you owe them money
a friend endures the defeat
no, I'm also a witch of money
and musician or they are fighting for me
and the weeping dreams this is not a game
you understood already you think health there
that close it to say nonsense truth
luca ha ha ha ha
mount punch let me dalián how do you
dare to beat me hours and I will eliminate
Map
right with your legend of pacotilla jose
hatsune talking I have found
information from the weeper and says that
she was a princess of old mexico
called the malinche plus that by
abandonment of her husband drowned her children
to be able to take revenge for the
repentance committed suicide now must
pay for all change and out
the bitch you hit me I'll forgive you
malisse your name
Now it seems that they went to bad Nietzsche
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha for ass I'll give you for
the ortho hands ange for bitches
help me down shoot him the basses
it's a pain in the ass ha ha ha ha ha ha more
you can defeat me I am the weeping woman and
most famous in Latin America will never die
because I am already a ghost ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha you're a shit monkey and not
You know fight, leave me to me, I'll give
for the pussy
I do not know, help me, the blows hurt me
He also seems to have art classes
martial so that godmother is
putting my son I'm tired
damn disappears to leave and all
shoot they pay you because you do not die anymore
it will be by far to god crown see you
in the beyond
ha ha ha ha ha
Hi, I'm just telling you, you, be careful of
silent hill you will have your answers
hahahahaha finally gone thanks to
god no longer moaning now let's go to
the streets to play some songs xd ok mi
with us we are getting ahead of you
take care until the next mission see you
miku hahaha was fun while you
goodbye guys see you I'm going to play
a few rolas bye I hope you have them
liked the video this goes for all my
subscribers we are already 500 hahaha us
we see puntua comments and if you like
subscribe until later I'm mickey
hatsune the hunter of mysteries and jose
hatsune chao
two
d